g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\View\Side.g.cs
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube_MarkupCompile.cache
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube_MarkupCompile.lref
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\RubiksCube.exe.config
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\RubiksCube.exe
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\RubiksCube.pdb
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\RubiksCube.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\RubiksCube.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\App.baml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\View\Side.baml
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube.g.resources
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube.Properties.Resources.resources
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube.exe
g:\users\adam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RubiksCube\RubiksCube\obj\Debug\RubiksCube.pdb
